Fixed up some more things with Vale (#1318)
pyansys/pyfluent: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> The PyFluent project welcomes contributions from the community. Please see the
> [README](https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent/blob/main/README.rst) to better
> understand the code repository. It is important to note that while the PyFluent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PyFluent project welcomes contributions from the community. To better
understand the code repository, see the [README](https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent/blob/main/README.rst).
While the PyFluent
```
Previously, "PyFluent project" was used. In this section "PyFluent library package" is used, and both terms aren't necessary. To avoid confusion, I've been using just the library name, such as "PyFluent", to be the noun (rather than an adjective).

> library package is maintained by Ansys and any submissions are reviewed
> thoroughly before merging, it's important to foster a community that can support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before merging, it's important to foster a community that can support
```

user questions and develop new features to make the library a useful tool for

> all users. As such questions or suggestions are always encouraged, please add
> them to the [issues](https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent/issues) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all users. Feel free to add questions and suggestions to the [PyFluent Issues](https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent/issues) page.
```
